ID;Description;State;PointsModifier
1;Finally you are here. It's the afternoon, and the surroundings don't seem as bleak as you had expected. The forest you had treked through seemed lush and full of life, alltough you did notice it getting quieter as you made your way through. The trees came to a halt at the base of a large hill and you finally see it. The entrance to the lair. The forest around you is allmost eeriely silent now. The entrance reveals nothing. A solitary torch lights the first few steps that descent into the dark abyss. You cant see anything past that. A large rat scutters at the entrance. It's nothing like the cuddly rats youd find nibbling on the breadcrumbs left unattended in the towns. It is a Cave Rat.;\N;1
2;You can't see anything.;0;1
3;As you make your way through the pitch black hallway;0;1
4;The murky hallway curves here, leading west towards the pit and north. Rats scatter and run away at the sight of you.;\N;1
5;You stumble into a room as the wall ;0;1
6;You open the door and interrupt ;0;1
7;As soon as your torches light hits it ;0;1
8;A breeze of air hit's your face. ;0;1
9;A straight corridor. You hear soft sobbing ahead.  You may proceed north or south.;\N;1
10;You locate the source of the sobbing. ;0;1
11; The room is rahter samll. But you don't even notice this, as the treasure chest in the middle of the room catches your eye. You open the chest and in it is a large sword. Clearly not of orcish , or any other underworld dweller, origin, you deduct that it had belonged to a hero who had the same quest as you. The sword is of far finer craftmanship than any you ever held. This sends toughts to your mind, tougths that question if you are ever going to make it, since a champion of the level that enabled him to wield swords of this magnitude clearly did not. But these tought's get brutely smothered as your eyes fixate on the cool new piece of matter YOU own now. You concentrate on looking at your own reflection from the blade and the gem encrusted handle, concerns of failure just a fleeting memory amongst your materialistic heat.;\N;0
12; You run into orc guards! And they aren't happy to see you! ;0;1
13; You hear noises of a scuffle ahead. ;0;1
14; Stairs leading to the next level of this underground lair open up before you, an arching doorway like a gaping maw swallowing the descending steps. You may enter the next level or move either east or west. ;\N;1
15; You feel a breeze across your face. ;0;1
16;You enter the second level. Immediatly you notice a change in the architecture. Gone are the crudely carved tunnels of the first level and in their place are large hallways with arching ceilings, large pillars and monolithic sculptures, depicting stout, bearded men. It looks familliar yet not what youd expect from a lich king. You may continue north or go back upstairs through south.;\N;1
17; The hallway opens into a large hall. ;0;1
18; You enter what is clearly a dungeon. ;0;1
19; The last of the cells are dimly lit by a kindling bonfire left by orc guards. You use it to re-ignite your torch. You were making your way further south, when a weak voice speaks out to you: "s... swallow..." A weak man, clearly strained for being locked up in here. He continues: "is... is it a African or European swallow...?" He drifts of to babbling and giggling. Nothing more of sense can be made out of his dribbling. You may continue towards the south or north. ;\N;0
20; The end of the hallway has a large stone mural on its wall ;0;1
21; You are just thin enough to squeeze yourself in to the next room. ;0;1
22; You interrupt what seems to be a card game ;0;1
23; This part of the great halls has been transformed into a makeshift armory  ;0;1
24; You see the trap. Rather crude 0;1;
25; You descend deeper into Zhaltrauc's lair (TM). ;\N;0
26; the entrance opens up into a large cavern. The heat is almost unbearable now. rivers of lava flow around you and steam spouts from the ground. You have the choice to move east and south. ;\N;0
27; This part of the cave is split in the middle by a large river of lava. ;0;1
28; A cyclops? ;\N;0
29; You walk east into the cave. The smell of suplhur is vivid in the air. you see a larger part of cavern ahead of you and hear what sounds like loud, heavy breathing. You have exits to the east and west. ;\N;0
30; You yelp involuntarily ;0;1
31; More dwarven structures. ;0;1
32; You scamper through the small hole. Dwarven housing surrounds you. The sttlemen seems crude, making the previous observations of the settlement being temporary more likely to be true. Nothing of interest is here, the original occupants long gone. You rummage the tiny paths between the housing in search of a path. The cane around you tightens, untill you are on your hands and knees. But ahead of you is a hole small enough for you to squeeze through. The hole you came in to lies now north, the other one is south. ;\N;0
33; You enter a round room. ;0;1
34; A large cavernous room lies in front of you. ;0;1
