ID;RoomID;Description
0;2;You can't see anything. You fumble around in the dark and find a wall. You may follow the wall left or right.
1;2;You have entered the lair. The air smells damp and moldy. You hear water dripping in the darkness. Two corridors, carved into the rock, open up on each side of you.
0;3;As you make your way through the pitch black hallway, clingin to the wall as a means of navigation, you feel reassured that this is a fine idea. Unfortunately one's hopes and aspirations are rarely taken into account with what reality has in store for us. Before you know it, you feel your stomach clutched in the arms of freefall. You hardly have time to understand whats happening, safe from the embarrasment by the obvious fact that you should not have entered an evil litch king's lair blind. You hit the ground with truly terminal velocity. You have died.
1;3;You came across a large pit. It completely cuts off this part of the hallway. You can't see the bottom, but assume falling down it will not be without consequenses. The pit's walls are smooth and don't appear climamble.
2;3;You take a running start and plunge yourself over the pit! You feel really impressed at your jump and bask in your selfworth. But no-one is watching. No-one cares in the lair. This still doesent stop you from being smug.
3;3;You take a running start. During the run, you start to second guess yourself and suddenly a veil of disbelief covers your whole being. "This is stupid" you think to yourself as the pit gets closer. You still manage to jump but it's a half hearted jump, and you smak your self against the edge on the other side. You bruise your self but manage to grab hold of the uneven ground and haul your aching body up. You brush it off since no-one is here to witness you hesitating in life-or-death situations. You take 5 points of damage.
4;3;You turn around to get a running start but slip on the wet stone floor. You fall into the pit, filled with disbelief that this actually happend. Then you die.
0;5;You stumble into a room as the wall you were relying on abruptly ends. As you clumsily grope for a wall to lean on, you feel some object get tangled under your feet and shatter in a loud crash. Immediately you hear a door open and what sounds as a something rushing into the room. There is apparently more than one as they grunt to each other. Laughter breaks out amongst the beings and suddenly your life ends whit cold steel to your temple. You have died.
1;5;A reinforced wooden door stands in the western end of the room. Some vine chalice's lie on the floor. The hallway continues to the north.
0;6;You open the door and interrupt three orc guards on a break! You stare at each other for a few seconds out of suprise, but the orcs quickly remember what their duty was and go for their swords.
1;6;You manage to slay all the orcs, trashing the room in the progress. The room is a bloody mess of crumpled up lifeless orcs. The door is to your east.
0;7;As soon as your torch's light hits it, you notice the crude pressure plate on the floor. You have no trouble navigating around it. You may proceed to north or to south.
1;7;You make your way deeper into the dark and dank hallways of the lair. You are trying to stay vigil, but trying to be vary of what lies ahead makes you lose focus on what lies on the ground. You trigger a pressure plate, and you hear the trap's mechanism spring. You manage to dodge most of the arrows that fly at your body, all but one that gives you a nasty cut on the shoulder. You may proceed to north or south. You lose 2 HP.
2;7;You trot along the dark hallway. You are focused on the coming dangers and try to imagine what the depth's have in store for you and WHOOP! you have been hit by a wolley of arrows from a trap you just sprung. Maybe pay more attention next time? You may proceed to north or south. You lose 10 HP.
0;8;A breeze of air hits your face. You follow the source of the breeze and find the wall to hide a passage behind a hanging bed of moss. You follow it to the other side and see something that looks like a entrance to a lower level.
1;8;A regular part of the hallway. Nothing strange here. Moss covers the walls. You may continue to north or to south.
0;10;You locate the source of the sobbing. An enormous troll sits slumped in front of a door on the western wall, crying into his hands. He notices you but continues to weep, ignoring you. He clearly has bigger problems. The hallway continues to north and south.
1;10;You leave the troll behind, his sobbing and weeping getting more silent as you progress. You can't help but wonder what was the deal with that
2;10;You draw your sword. The crying troll never sees it coming, and with one sturdy strike the troll goes limp. The body block's the door and due to the size of the creature, is now impossible to get to. You may proceed north or south.
0;12;You run into orc guards! And they aren't happy to see you!
1;12;You have survived. You may continue east or south.
0;13;You hear noises of a scuffle ahead. As your torch lights the way, you see a tumbling ball of two creatures roughly the same size fighting ferociously. You make out a big cave rat and a goblin. The gobling is clearly strugling to hold his own in the fight and it's only a matter of time before he wears down and faces defeat. Clearly if you dont intervene, the rat will be feasting on goblin tonight. Do you wish to intervene?
1;13;The room is empty.
0;15;You feel a breeze across your face. Something inside you tells you that this particular breeze is not of natural origin. You duck under the breeze and a giant blade comes out of seemingly nowhere and slices the air above your head. You take a moment to asses that you infact are in one piece and thank the deities for this rare sign of mercy. You may continue west or south.
1;15;You see the blade swiping out of the wall. This means the trap has allready been sprung, wich in turn means that you have little to no time to adjust to the circumstances. You do what you can but arehit by the blade viciously to the side as you try to leap out of its way. You take 8 HP of damage.
2;15;You never saw it coming. A trap you so unawarely sprung, the blade you didn't notice, the massive force that of sharp steel that hits your neck. You have become one of the many skeletons of adventurer's that populete dungeons and lairs through out the realms. One of those skeletons that you used to look down upon as lesser heroes, since you your self were alive. Now you know why the skull's allways looked like they were grinning, they knew the arrogance of the living with the great hind-sight that comes with leaving your mortal coil. You have died.
0;17;The hallway opens into a large hall. You see exit's both east and west. In the middle of the room you see two orc's draging a female towards the eastern hallway. You quickly deduce that it is in fact a prisoner, either a unlucky heroine or a poor soul Zhaltrauc's minions have captured outside, for whatever reasons. 
1;17;The prisoner approaches you, relief visible in her face. "I tought i'd never see another day , thank you stranger. Like you, i was on my way to destroy Zhaltrauc. I just couldn't stand watching the realm suffer as he started to grow in power. But apparently i was not as prepared as i tougth. I do, however, have a valuable piece of information. Zhaltrauc himself is an old evil spirit of aking thrown down from his throne by the people he reigned over. He assumed the form of a lich king and stole the sacred Light Stone from my father's, the king of my land, castle. It's what he uses to channel the evil powers and wouldn't have lasted this long without it. The stone is used for good but in the wrong hands... but i digress. Beware of the stone! He keeps it on his crown and will youse it against you! You will go blind and be unable to fight. You need to find a way to fight the blinding light that the magical gem emanates. I wish for you to exceed. Farewell!" The adventuring maiden gives you a health potion. She then takes a sword from the orc guards and makes her way back to the first level. You may continue east, west or south.
2;17;You hide behind a pillar and observe as the prisoner is dragged away. You can only guess what will come of her. You may continue east, west or south.
0;18;You enter what is clearly a dungeon. Cells line the eastern wall, occupied with creatures of all race's. They have'nt noticed you yet. You observe from the shadows that they are not well, prehaps years of imprisoment has driven then insane. The light from your torch has yet to reach them properly and the prisoners seem docile enough. The hallway continues south and exits west. 
1;18;The torche goes out and the only reaction you get is a slight murmur amongst the prisoners. Apparently it's something theyre used to. You may continue south or exit west.
2;18;As you attemp to continue down the hallway the light of your torch illuminates the faces of the prisoners. One prisoner, who appears to be a lizardman, spots you. The scaled humanoid lets out a scream that sends the deranged population of the dungeon into a frenzy. Howling and screaming, the noice is defening. Two orc guards rush to the scene before you get the chance to make a run for it. The notice what's out of place (you that is) and act accordingly.
3;18;You survived. The prisoners are afraid of you now and scurry to the cell's wall, hiding from you. Once again, the dungeon is silent. You may continue south or exit west.
0;20;The end of the hallway has a large stone mural on its wall. You recognize it as ancient dwarven glyphs and suddenly it hits you: the lair has been built on an old dwarven city. No wonder it seemed out of place. Zhaltrauc's scouts must have come across this some time in the past. It had propably been a mining colony at firs and the occupants had moved on to other sites as they had mined the rock of its wealth. A samll door lies at the foot of the wall. The doorway is to the south and the hallway leads north.
1;20;You try to fit in, gettin in on your hands and knees. But this is one situation your burly, strong body is of hinderence rather than help. You cant fit into that door even if you wished for it really, really hard.
0;21;You are just thin enough to squeeze yourself in to the next room. You dust your self off and take in your surroundings. this was clearly one of the living quarters of the dwarven city. It's littered with tiny houses and stairways, carved form the very stone the cave itself is made of. As you venture forward, you hear a hissing sound made by some creature youve happened to anger. As you quickly turn your torch towards the creature you see agiant spider. It squeals at the sight of your torches flame and flees into the darkness. Clutching your torch, you start seeing spider web everywhere. The web is more frequent as you move on, untill you come to a samll opening in the wall, surrounded thick with web. You peek inside and find a nest of giant spiders, squrrying about their web ridden lair. They notice you and you are suddenly the center of attention to hundreds of eyes. It's a standoff, both sides waiting to see what the otherone will do.
1;21;You go for the attack, and manage to hack your self a few spiders. Unfortunately, plenty more come swarming trough the nooks and crannies of the nest and you are quickly engulfed in what can only be described as a nightmare come to life, a hord of eight-legged fiend's swarming and trapping you. The sheer number of these creatures makes it impossible for you to move, let alone fight back. You are engulfed and helpless. The spiders devour you on the spot. You have died.
2;21;You quickly strike your torche at the wall of the nest. the dry webbing set aflame with ease and spreads across the entire nest. The spiders quickly run towards the other end of the nest and you see them pouring into a hole in the wall. As you watch every single spider run for their life you put two and two to gether and realize there was way too many of them to fight. You hear distant yell's of terror and pain as apparently some other poor soul got into the way of the panicing spiders. As the last remains of the nest burn away you notice that the hole the spiders used to escape was infact another tiny doorway built by the dwarf's. You may now go east to the dwarf houses or west through the burnt up, new doorway.
0;22;You interrupt what seems to be a card game of sorts played by four orcs. They sit at a table in front of the doorway that connects to the next level of this lair. Apparently the game is not as interesting as your precense and the orc guards rush to fight you.
1;22;You have miraculously survived the orcen onslaught. Now it's time to reap the benefits. This game of cards was no mere joke but a high-stakes gamble for gold, as the pile of glittering yellowish coins on the table suggest. You may enter the next level through the entrance or go north.
2;22;You interrupt what seems to be a card game of sorts played by four orc guards. Even tough you are startled, the orcs don't seem to notice your crude disguise. They insist you join them in a game of cards. You sit down, playing along, because the chance of avoiding bloody combat with these orcs is too tempting to pass. You are delt a hand and the game commences.
3;22;You stone-like pokerface, cool nerves and calculating risk taking have proved you a mighty foe on the arena of cards and gambling. The orcs stare in disbelief as you stuff your pockets with gold, their self-esteem shattered. You are now free to go to the next level or move north.
4;22;Game after game, coin after coin, hand after hand. You loose. Desperation is your driving force as you make poor choices based on ill judgment and dont seem to be able to your oppenets at all. In a final daring (but futile) attempt of getting out of this hell of an gamble, you bet your clothes. Lo and behold, you are naked, and the orcs see who you really are. You have no choice but to fight for your life!
4;22;You have miraculously survived the orcen onslaught. Now it's time to reap the benefits.You gather the gold from you former co-gamblers and can't help but feel a little happy to have turned the table on the orcs. Litterally, since you flipped the table over as you started the fight. You are now able to continue to the next level or move north.
0;23;This part of the great halls has been transformed into a makeshift armory for the orcs. Apparrently the lair has not been visited by adventurers in a while as the armory is unmanned and in dissarray. You do make out a complete set of orc armour wich just might fool the thick orcs. The hallway continues south and north.
1;23;You equip the orcen armour. It's an rather loose fit, but you manage to adorne it anyway. It smells bad. The hallway continues saouth and north.
2;23;This part of the great halls has been transformed into a makeshift armory for the orcs. Apparrently the lair has not been visited by adventurers in a while as the armory is unmanned and in dissarray.  The hallway continues south and north.
0;24;You see the trap. Rather crude, only covered by some hay that allready seems out of place in these surroundings. There is more than enough room to avoid it. You can mosey on south or east.
1;24;Your perception works with a delay again, as you notice a trap AFTER you spring it. A large ball and chain drops from the ceiling and you just barely manage to dodge the full brunt of the impact. You fall down and possibli crack a rib, but should consider yourself lucky anyway. You gather your self and may continue south or east.
2;24;You might as well walk in this dungeon without the bloody torch since you dont seem to pay attention tu your surroundings at all. A giant ball and chain drops from the ceiling, bashing you square in the torso and flings your flailing ragdoll of a body into the wall. The pain is so bad you decide to take a few minutes for your self and just lie there on the cold floor, gathering your toughts. You are not sure what exactly is broken in your body but something certainly is. You loose 10 HP. After you recover that wich you can of your bruised being, you are once again ready to travel. The Hallway continues south and east.
0;25;You descend deeper into Zhaltrauc's lair (TM). The temperature of the air has risen subtantially and sweat begins to leak from your pores. Constant deafening sound of bubling liquids and open flames fill the air, with a slight hint of sulphur. The majestic hallways and sculptures of the level above you are nowhere to be seen and are replaced by molten rock frozen into organic shapes. Organic, yet devoid of life. Ahead you a red glow illuminates the cavern. You may proceed south or return to the upper level north.
0;27;This part of the cave is split in the middle by a large river of lava. There are tiny isles of cooler, solified lava rock in the river, just big eough to step. A large dwarven pillar stands on the edge of the river, tilting a bit towards the river. It seems very out of place in the cavern. Mabey there were plans to colonise this part of the cave at some point.
1;27;You skip along the rocks with ease, your step as light as a ferry skipping on the surface of a pond. You look back at the river and add, with a smirk, "i'm lava-ing it." You feel ashamed. You may head south or north.
2;27;Brows furrowed, lips tight, you set to leap over the hazardous river. On the first rock you slip and dip your toe in the lava. This sends you leaping towards the next piece of rock with such wigor and determination that you barely notice it and before you know, you are perched safely on the other side. You tend to your burnt toe, which cost you 2 HP. You may head south or north.
3;27;You fail the jump and fly head first into the unforgiving stream of white-hot molten rock. You spend your final seconds on this plane of existence to blame the plunder on sweat getting in your eye. You have died.
4;27;You succeed in tipping the pillar just enough for gravity to begin it's share of the work. The top of the stone structure lands on the other side of the river, conviniently creating a makeshift path across the treacherous liquid. You may travel south or north.
5;27;Besides looking like it would bee on a flimsy spot of rock, the stone structure doesn't give in at all.
0;30;You yelp involuntarily as your eyes gaze upon the enormous red dragon. You regret that you have so little restraint but then againg you havent seen a dragon before. The great red lizard lies on top of a mound of golden treasure. Numerous golden objects can be seen in the pile, from weapons to jewlery, but the bulk of it is in gold coins. The dragon notices you and seems annoyed at your precence. "What brings you here, puny manling? I take it you aren't stupid enough to try and steal any of this now are you? Then again you ARE human, so i wouldnt be suprised... Well what is it?" You may exit west.
1;30;The dragons eyes light up and it seems pleased "Ah! How did you know that i liked gold? Nevermind, this is truly a lovely gift. I will see to it that you wont leave empty handed either. Let's see what could i get for a person of your stature... ah, i'we got just the thing!
2;30;The dragon reduces you to a fine pile of ash. You really tougth that you could kill a dragon...? You have died.
3;30;"Talk is cheap" murmurs the dragon as it continues to rest on the pile of gold. 
0;31;More dwarven structures. Propably a small mining settlement. There is a small door to enter on the eastern wall. The cave continues to the south.
1;31;You cant fit in, you bulky freak.
0;33;You enter a round room. The organic shapes of lavarock are nowhere to be seen and in its place is carved a round throneroom. In the middle of the room is a larg throne set on a higher pedestal, surrounded by steps going around it in a circle. On the throne itself sits the bane of this land, Zhaltrauc. Zhaltrauc looks as if he had risen from a grave, his features prominently skeletal, with threads of gray, ash like skin here and there. His eye sockets glow with the evil powers from wich he has risen. He adornes a crown and a royal cape, both similarly derelict. His soulless eyes slowly point in your direction. He begins to speak with a woise that is like multiple voices speaking at the same time, some whispering, others bellowing. "What trifling urges are you riddled whit, such wich may grant me reign over your irrelevant existence? Or do you merely want to ensure existance in the eternity that is upon this universe? Ah now i can see your intent. Arrogant lifeforms, you shall taste first hand what is in store for the likes of you."
1;33;Zhaltrauc staggers and begins to disintegrate, slowly turning into ash. he lets out a howl like wind blowing through a chasam He falls and hits the floor, turning into a cloud of ash. Everything falls silent in the throne room. You have defeated Zhaltrauc. The bane that has haunted the people of this land has been dealt with and everyone can sleep a tad bit better. It may be just a question of time that some other evil spirit tries to harness the dark powers but for now, you can let out a sigh of relief. It isn't easy being a able adventurer with the resources to tackle these kind of situations and simultaneously a person with normal levels of empathy, these forces driving you to fight on behalve of those wich cant, but the universe needs people like you. Alltough the burden is heavy, it is lightened by every breath an innocent victim of evil can take afterwards. Your burden is smaller than it would be if you didn't act at all. Which is why you are the hero and not a servant to the likes of Zhaltrauc.
2;33;You enter the next room through the hole, behind a statue, out of sight. The room is round. The organic shapes of lavarock are nowhere to be seen and in its place is carved a round throneroom. In the middle of the room is a larg throne set on a higher pedestal, surrounded by steps going around it in a circle. On the throne itself sits the bane of this land, Zhaltrauc. Zhaltrauc looks as if he had risen from a grave, his features prominently skeletal, with threads of gray, ash like skin here and there. His eye sockets glow with the evil powers from wich he has risen. He adornes a crown and a royal cape, both similarly derelict. He seems to be slumbering. Not necessarily sleeping, propably in a trance, channeling some unkown powers of ancient evil. You see he has a chalice next to him, filled with what can only be blood. What will you do?
3;33;Zhaltrauc did not notice you slippin the sleeping potion into the chalice of blood. You hide away to wait for him to take a sip. After a while the lich king seems to snap out of his trance and begins to animate. He slowly raises the chalice to his mouth and takes a single gulp of the dark red drink. He sways his head for a while, before slumping it backwards against the throne. The chalice drops out of his hand. Truly a potent magical concuction that the dragon gave you. You take the gem from Zhaltrauc's crown. At first nothing seems different. Then, bit by bit, he begins to break down. The disintegration accelerates, and in a matter of seconds he is but dust in the wind. You have defeated Zhaltrauc. The bane that has haunted the people of this land has been dealt with and everyone can sleep a tad bit better. It may be just a question of time that some other evil spirit tries to harness the dark powers but for now, you can let out a sigh of relief. It isn't easy being a able adventurer with the resources to tackle these kind of situations and simultaneously a person with normal levels of empathy, these forces driving you to fight on behalve of those wich cant, but the universe needs people like you. Alltough the burden is heavy, it is lightened by every breath an innocent victim of evil can take afterwards. Your burden is smaller than it would be if you didn't act at all. Which is why you are the hero and not a servant to the likes of Zhaltrauc.
0;34;A large cavernous room lies in front of you. In the middle of it, a deep gorge divides the room. A bridge built out of rope and wood crosses the gorge, leading to a large doorway, carved out of the stone walls. Carved in inticrate statues, that depict scenes of horror, the doorway seems rahter out of place and sinister. Guarding the bridge is old man, blind in one eye and brandishing long gray hair and beard, as well as torn up rags for clothes. He seems to be smiling in a rather mischevious fasion. You approach the old man. He giggles, and begins to recite: "Stop!  Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, 'ere the other side he see."
1;34;You are free to traverse the bridge and enter the doorway south.
